Add Docs for “login_hint” Query Param Support in Organization Discovery (#4768)
wso2/docs-is: en/includes/guides/organization-management/email-domain-based-organization-discovery.md

6. Try to log in to the `Guardio-Business-App` by selecting `Sign In With SSO`.

    {% if (product_name == "WSO2 Identity Server" and is_version == "next") or product_name == "Asgardeo" %}

    !!! note
            
        You can bypass the `Sign In With SSO` page and go directly to your organization's login page by adding the following query parameters in the login request. 
        
        - `login_hint`: The email address of the user that will be used to resolve the domain.

>         - `fidp`: If you have additional B2C login options configured for the application, use this parameter to direct users straight to the organization login page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - `fidp`: If you have additional B2C login options configured for the application, you can set this parameter to `OrganizationSSO` to direct users straight to the organization login page.
```
